README.md, before:

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
    - [Key Features](#key-features)
  - [🚀 Live Demo](#live-demo)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [📩 Support & Feedback](#support)
- [📝 License](#license)

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# 📖 About This Project <a name="about-project"></a>

> Nasa-Apod website uses NASA API for info and pictures. Favorites can be saved to local storage. Created with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, it employs ESLint for code error handling. Check out the live demo!

# Sample Of Website <a name="Sample-Of-Website"></a>

![alt text](./sample/1.png)
![alt text](./sample/2.png)

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

<details>
  <summary>Client</summary>
  <ul>
        <li><a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTML">Html</a></li>
        <li><a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CSS">Css</a></li>
                <li><a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sass_(style_sheet_language)">Scss</a></li>
        <li><a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JavaScript">Javascript</a></li>
        <li><a href="https://stylelint.io/">Html/CSS Linters</a></li>
        <li><a href="https://eslint.org/">EsLint</a></li>
        <li><a href="https://webpack.js.org/">WEB PACK</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<!-- Features -->

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

- **[ responsive website]**
- **[Flex and Grid]**
- **[Local Storage Use]**
- **[Scss and Css]**
- **[Api Use]**
- **[Linters Use]**
- **[Object Use]**
- **[Web Pack Build]**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LIVE DEMO -->

## 🚀 Live Demo <a name="live-demo"></a>

> Add a link to your deployed project.

- [Live Demo Link](https://ameer2000mzori.github.io/awesomebooks/)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- AUTHORS -->

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>

👤 **Author1**

- GitHub: [@Ameer2000Mzori](https://github.com/Ameer2000Mzori)
- LinkedIn: [Ameer Ameen](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ameer-ameen-82314425b/)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome! please dont forget to contact ameerapex496@gmail.com

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- SUPPORT -->

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

If you like this project, don't hesitate to give it a star 😊.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- Support and feedback -->

## 📩 Support & Feedback <a name="support"></a>

If you have any feedback, please reach out to me at ameerapex496@gmail.com 📨

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.

_NOTE: we recommend using the [MIT license](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/) - you can set it up quickly by [using templates available on GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en/communities/setting-up-your-project-for-healthy-contributions/adding-a-license-to-a-repository). You can also use [any other license](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/) if you wish._

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

Commit message:

added eslint midway to the project

README.md, after:

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
    - [Key Features](#key-features)
  - [🚀 Live Demo](#live-demo)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [📩 Support & Feedback](#support)
- [📝 License](#license)

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# 📖 About This Project <a name="about-project"></a>

> Nasa-Apod website uses NASA API for info and pictures. Favorites can be saved to local storage. Created with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, it employs ESLint for code error handling. Check out the live demo!

# Sample Of Website <a name="Sample-Of-Website"></a>

![alt text](./sample/1.png)
![alt text](./sample/2.png)

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

<details>
  <summary>Client</summary>
  <ul>
        <li><a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTML">Html</a></li>
        <li><a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CSS">Css</a></li>
                <li><a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sass_(style_sheet_language)">Scss</a></li>
        <li><a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JavaScript">Javascript</a></li>
        <li><a href="https://stylelint.io/">Html/CSS Linters</a></li>
        <li><a href="https://eslint.org/">EsLint</a></li>
        <li><a href="https://webpack.js.org/">WEB PACK</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<!-- Features -->

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

- **[ responsive website]**
- **[Flex and Grid]**
- **[Local Storage Use]**
- **[Scss and Css]**
- **[Api Use]**
- **[Linters For Html, css and Scss]**
- **[Eslint For Js]**
- **[Object Use]**
- **[Web Pack Build]**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LIVE DEMO -->

## 🚀 Live Demo <a name="live-demo"></a>

> Add a link to your deployed project.

- [Live Demo Link](https://ameer2000mzori.github.io/awesomebooks/)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- AUTHORS -->

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>

👤 **Author1**

- GitHub: [@Ameer2000Mzori](https://github.com/Ameer2000Mzori)
- LinkedIn: [Ameer Ameen](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ameer-ameen-82314425b/)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome! please dont forget to contact ameerapex496@gmail.com

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- SUPPORT -->

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

If you like this project, don't hesitate to give it a star 😊.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- Support and feedback -->

## 📩 Support & Feedback <a name="support"></a>

If you have any feedback, please reach out to me at ameerapex496@gmail.com 📨

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.

_NOTE: we recommend using the [MIT license](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/) - you can set it up quickly by [using templates available on GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en/communities/setting-up-your-project-for-healthy-contributions/adding-a-license-to-a-repository). You can also use [any other license](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/) if you wish._

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>
